Need to allow specification of mail-sender when notifying recipients in the Phishing Campaign layout (#16882)
demisto/content: Packs/Campaign/ReleaseNotes/3_2_4.md

#### Incident Fields
- **Email Sender Instance**

#### Layouts
##### Phishing Campaign
- Added the **Email Sender Instance** incident field to the layout.

#### Scripts
##### SendEmailToCampaignRecipients

> - Added the option to use a specific instance to send email.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the option to choose a specific instance to send an email with.
```

##### New: GetSendEmailInstances

> - Get all instances that has send-mail command, as option values for Single Select field. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.5.0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Gets all the enabled instances of integrations that have a send-mail command, in the output format of a single select field. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.1.0).
```
